That's it.
You, and
I pair coded on a fox game together.
And it works.
It's, let's say of mild amusement.
I don't know if you're gonna be playing
this for hours and keeping it alive, but,
more power to you if you choose to.
Uh-huh.
And this is the last milestone,
by the way.
This is the code complete game.
This is literally the same
code that I have running.
You can actually see here,
code complete game.
If you go to the GitHub actions,
you can actually see that I have,
it automatically deploys
the code complete game.
So it's actually literally the code
that's running, yeah, for this game.
There you go.
Yeah, see, it's the same one.
Okay, so that's it.
That is the the entire fox game.
We built it together.
There's no more to it.
So I just want to wrap up with everything.
So I just wanted to give you some notes,
and things that I chose, and
decisions that I made that you might
reconsider or rethink through.
First one,
I alluded to this at the beginning, but
gamestate.js ended up being quite long.
Whereas all the other files
are not necessary as long.
This is 170 lines of code, and
there's a decent amount of
whitespace in there, so
I'm not heartbroken at how long this is.
And like I said, when I tried to break it
into different pieces, I didn't like it.
I liked it better all together, so
I eventually refactored
it back into one file.
But there's a lot of ways you could
have chosen to implement this.
You could use more functional
style programming.
You could have used more
object oriented programming.
There's a lot of directions you could
have gone with this that I chose not to.
I felt like this ended up
being pretty readable code.
You can tell me otherwise,
I'm really interested to see how
people choose to re-implement this.
But in general, I tried to have
problems before I solved them.
If I had tried to break this
down into more files right now,
I feel like if I would have caused
more problems than I would have had.
So that's kind of where
I ended up on that.
The CSS ended up going in two files and
it definitely could have been broken
down into like a fox.css, a frame.css.
And I just didn't really
know where to go with that.
Again, I feel okay about where
we ended up, style.css ends
up being 150 lines of CSS with
a lot of whitespace in there.
And sprites was a bit longer than that,
I think.
So that's kind of an arbitrary philosophy.
If this had been something like React, it
would have been more component oriented.
But we didn't do a component
Oriented Architecture here.
So that's where we ended up with that.
Tests, this code ended up in very testable
ways like something like mod fox,
it'd be very easy to put like
a spy on query selector and
make sure that it's called
with the right parameters.
Same here with buttons.
And then here with game state,
you could import game state and
just make sure that it's
transitioning to the correct current.
And that would be a pretty good
place to do some unit tests there.
So that's more stretch goals for
you to go play with and try testing.
This would not this project would
have benefited from TypeScript.
And it would not be hard to
convert it to TypeScript.
So again, something for you to look at.
I love GitHub actions.
They're like my new favorite toy.
So you can see here again, both
the project files for the fox game and
the other repo are using GitHub
actions pretty extensively.
And this is allows you to automatically
deploy your code to GitHub Pages.
I would definitely invite
you to check that out.
They're not super hard to write.
And yeah they allow you to automatically
deploy your code, automatically
run prettier, automatically run ES lint
on everything that goes into your repo.
So that's another thing you
could definitely go look at.
Make a framework version of this.
I think that would be pretty cool if you
went back and did Svelte or Angular.
Something like that.
Co-op parenting is what I call this,
it'd be really cool to write like
a central server version of this.
It's hosted in node.js.
And so that like me and
Jumana could like play the same
game at the same time, right?
And it would be keeping track of
all the state on the server and
using WebSockets to real
time update all the clients.
That would be a lot of fun.
And you could definitely use
local storage here as well.
If I started the game and then close
my window and came back to it, it could
reload the same state and you could
use local storage to do that as well.
So, there's a bunch of ideas of
ways you could think about this,
ways you could go change it, kind of
all the various different directions.
You could go with this.
And that's it.
I'm very grateful again
to Frontend Masters for
letting me come back and teach this again.
Please, again,
make versions of this hosted on GitHub.
Share them with me.
I'm very interested in all
the various different cool things
that you do with the game.
And yeah, I wanna see him.
And yeah, thanks.
>> [APPLAUSE]